docs: add FAQ for linting errors (#6157)
stdlib-js/stdlib: docs/contributing/FAQ.md

-   [How can I set up my development environment to contribute to stdlib?](#setup-dev-environment)
-   [How can I install cppcheck?](#install-cppcheck)
-   [I am seeing different return values in the JavaScript and C implementation for the same implementation.](#js-vs-c-return-values)
-   [What should I do if linting on my commits fails because my headings or lines exceed the maximum permissible length?](#markdown-heading-length)

> -   [What should I do if Javascript linting on my commits fails because my function exceed the maximum permissible number of parameters?](#max-params)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   [What should I do if JavaScript linting on my commits fails because my function exceeds the maximum permissible number of parameters?](#max-params)
```

-   [How can I install cppcheck?](#install-cppcheck)
-   [I am seeing different return values in the JavaScript and C implementation for the same implementation.](#js-vs-c-return-values)

> -   [What should I do if Markdown linting on my commits fails because my headings exceed the maximum permissible length?](#markdown-heading-length)

Reviewer: This will also be changed accordingly.

> -   [What should I do if Markdown linting on my commits fails because my headings exceed the maximum permissible length?](#markdown-heading-length)
> -   [What should I do if Javascript linting on my commits fails because my function exceed the maximum permissible number of parameters?](#max-params)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   [What should I do if linting on my commits fails due to Markdown headings exceeding maximum length or JavaScript functions exceeding maximum parameters?](#linting-errors)
```

@ShabiShett07 I think that's a nice addition:

We can probably combine these two into one and then include the respective commands for JS/Markdown.

Reviewer: Maybe or maybe not. Open to feedback.

Author: That's a good idea, but max params and max length are two different conditions, right? I think we can include max length of javascript in the markdown FAQ. What is your opinion @anandkaranubc?

Reviewer: > I think we can include max length of javascript...

Even better, I believe.  

> but max params and max length are two different conditions

And you are right, JS/Markdown linting questions are different here. I realized this soon after adding the above comment.

EDIT: Can you also add the reference PRs that contain these comments?

Reviewer 2: my take on this is:

1. max-len - one heading for this and we should describe how to tackle this in various places, for eg we would use `// eslint-disable-line max-len` in JS, `<--! lint-disable max-len --->` or something in markdown (not sure if the command is correct here please cross check). and for places like `repl.txt` we can just add tips on how to get past the 80 char limit, by shortening the variable names, removing the spaces after each param if needed, line breaks after 80 chars etc
2. max-params - similar to `max-len`

TLDR - one FAQ each for max-len and max-params which describe how to deal with these warning in all places like JS/TS, markdown, repl.txt etc

Author: I think the same too.

Author: For reference PR can I add my PR to it

Reviewer: > TLDR - one FAQ each for max-len and max-params which describe how to deal with these warning in all places like JS/TS, markdown, repl.txt etc

+1. Thanks @aayush0325

Reviewer 2: i've used all of these extensively in #5754, you can use that as a reference

Author: Sure

<a name="markdown-heading-length"></a>

> ## What should I do if linting on my commits fails because my headings exceed the maximum permissible length?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What should I do if linting on my commits fails because my headings or lines exceed the maximum permissible length?
```

Maybe, we can be more explicit...

Author: Added this in the FAQ

> Consider whether the heading can be shortened by renaming variables (e.g., changing `strideX` to `sx`). If shortening is not possible, disable the lint rule at the top level using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider whether the heading/line can be shortened by renaming variables (e.g., changing `strideX` to `sx`). If shortening is not possible, disable the lint rule at the top level using:
```

Sorry, I’m being too nitpicky.

Author: Actually, thank you for such interest in this.

> - For Javascript Files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For JavaScript files:
```

```javascript
// eslint-disable-line max-len
```

> [Reference PR][javascript-len-ref]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Reference Comment][javascript-len-ref]
```

> - [Reference PR for Javascript][javascript-len-ref]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Reference PR][javascript-len-ref]
```

And here too :)

- For Markdown Files

```markdown
<!-- lint disable maximum-heading-length -->
```

> [Reference PR][markdown-len-ref]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Reference Comment][markdown-len-ref]
```

> - For Markdown Files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For Markdown files:
```

<a name="markdown-heading-length"></a>

> ## What should I do if Javascript linting on my commits fails because my headings exceed the maximum permissible number of parameters?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What should I do if JavaScript linting on my commits fails because my function exceeds the maximum permissible number of parameters?
```

Reviewer: @ShabiShett07 I also added these review comments.

Consider whether the number of parameters can be reduced. If reducing is not possible, disable the lint rule at the top level using:

```javascript
// eslint-disable-line max-params
```

> [Reference PR][javascript-params-ref]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Reference Comment][javascript-params-ref]
```

> - [Reference PR for Javascript][javascript-params-ref]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Reference PR][javascript-params-ref]
```

Can you link to the exact line here?

> Consider whether the number of parameters can be reduced. If reducing is not possible, disable the lint rule at the top level using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider whether the number of parameters can be reduced. If reduction is not possible, disable the lint rule at the top level using:
```

[make-commands]: https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/tree/develop/tools/make/lib

> [markdown-len-ref]: https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/pull/5754/files#diff-8b632afc40c671b4097b2d9fc318b0b6eedcebddeff0e13aad0a4d68260505d8R94

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[markdown-len-ref]: https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/blob/78e0cfd8b6c0429a443b07fd39fa9dd53bf44d23/lib/node_modules/%40stdlib/lapack/base/dgttrf/README.md?plain=1#L94
```

> [javascript-len-ref]: https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/pull/5754/files#diff-71a4cffefbc20405eaf647ea47353b5561fd10fc032a214183f0c307c3dc4624R75

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[javascript-len-ref]: https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/blob/78e0cfd8b6c0429a443b07fd39fa9dd53bf44d23/lib/node_modules/%40stdlib/lapack/base/dgttrf/lib/base.js#L111
```

> [javascript-params-ref]: https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/pull/5754/files#diff-71a4cffefbc20405eaf647ea47353b5561fd10fc032a214183f0c307c3dc4624R75

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[javascript-params-ref]: https://github.com/stdlib-js/stdlib/blob/78e0cfd8b6c0429a443b07fd39fa9dd53bf44d23/lib/node_modules/%40stdlib/lapack/base/dgttrf/lib/base.js#L75
```

Reviewer: @ShabiShett07 @aayush0325  

These links will need to be revisited once Aayush's PR is merged so that we can reference the respective lines in the `stdlib` repo itself.

Reviewer 2: everything looks good to me, we can just add a todo and come back to this
